LY to O3DE Migration Documents (#149)
o3de/community: Migration Guides/Lumberyard to O3DE/README.md

> # Transitioning a project from LY to O3DE

Reviewer: We should update all text that uses "LY" the abbreviation to the full name "Lumberyard"

This document covers high level considerations when transitioning a document from Lumberyard to O3DE. This document is living and will grow over time as users add their own transition experiences and advice.

**Requirements:**

> - The project is currently utilizing Lumberyard 1.28. Any conversion tools are authored assuming 1.28. If the project is not on 1.28, please see **In Progress Page** on how to upgrade your project to Lumberyard 1.28. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- This guide focuses on the latest Lumberyard version, which is is 1.28. Any conversion tools are authored assuming 1.28. If the project is not on 1.28, please see **In Progress Page** on how to upgrade your project to Lumberyard 1.28. 
```

**Viewport:** (May not be much of a conversion issue, unless team modified the editor)

**Gems:** Lumberyard gems are not compatible with O3DE. Conversion will require finding O3DE version of the gem, or recompiling the gem for O3DE. 

**Editor Plugins/tools:** `<need info here>`

**Platforms:** Lumberyard publicly supports Windows (editor + runtime), Linux Server (runtime), iOS (runtime), and Android (runtime). O3DE supports Windows (editor + runtime), Linux (editor + runtime), Linux Server (runtime). iOS and Android are currently in development.

**Terrain:**

**Particles:** O3DE does not have a built in particle system. Conversion will require integrating a 3rd party particle system, usually via a gem. Currently PopcornFX has a 

**Networking:**

**Asset Processing:**

**PathFinding/AI:**
`<Other areas I am missing>`

## Tools available to assist with Lumberyard to O3DE conversion

**insert tools here**

##Lumberyard features with no equivalent in  O3DE

(Link to /Misc Documents/Lumberyard-Features.md)

## Network systems LY to O3DE

> There is no path to port anything from Gridmate → Networing 2.0 its an entirely brand new systems so document will really take some work as you have to port the “concepts”

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There is no automated path to port network components and logic from Lumberyard's Gridmate → to O3DE's Networing 2.0. Networking in O3DE is based on brand new systems so migration will require how to port “concepts” and intent, rather than actual assets and code.
```
